<h1>My Strengths</h1>

<b>My first main group of strengths to highlight are my passion, positivity, and vision when it comes to my career growth and my personal development. Throughout my life I've felt naturally skilled in the ability to visualize exactly what I want, then go out and achieve it. I have always taken much pride in my achievements, but always push myself to go further. I approach obstacles with optimism and full belief in my ability to learn. One example of this is in my decision of a career change from Franchise Owner to Cyber Security Engineer. It has not been easy, but I have been more than willing to invest my time and energy into a field I'm enthusiastic about, this can be seen in the completion of 5 comprehensive IT security certificates within the last year. In addition to these courses, I do my best to continue my learning every day. This transition demonstrates my clear vision to grow and achieve a fulfilling career in an area I love. Another example of these strengths can be seen in the achievement of my Black Belt in the art of Tang Soo Do. It required over 6 years of consistent training and hard work, but I stayed positive throughout and kept my main goal at the forefront of my mind, even when faced with continuous setbacks and physical challenges. This training in martial arts also taught me many valuable life skills. We studied the 'Seven Tenets' at the end of each class which are, Integrity, Concentration, Perseverance, Respect and Obedience, Self Control, Humility, and Indomitable Spirit.

The next main strength are my interpersonal skills. I have a great ability to articulate, communicate, and connect with people very well. I believe I perfected this art through many avenues. Firstly, starting out my career in the construction industry was a huge character builder. The industry is cut-throat, especially for new starters, I was required to learn very quickly how to communicate in a way which was not only safe and coordinated, but which also through good teamwork and logical problem solving, earned the respect of my colleagues and sub-contractors. Secondly, aside from my career I've spent much time travelling abroad, much of this time travelling alone. This forced me out of my comfort zone and into an environment where I had to adapt to many different settings and cultures. Navigating through many different norms and etiquettes taught me how to communicate with people from all around the world with great effect. Lastly, my work experience as a Franchise Owner at DPD was indispensable in the development of these interpersonal skills. Being the primary point of contact between the company and its customers, I was continuously required to liaise with professionals in the depot and customers out on the road. I was also faced with many micro-problems throughout my day in that role, my effective communication abilities were vital for addressing them promptly and finding solutions.

The final main strength to point out is my creativity. Alongside my analytical mindset sits a very colourful and creative aspect of my personality. I've been raised by my parents as somewhat of a free spirit and hold a deep philosophy to always be unique in myself and my own authenticity. I express myself with honesty and integrity every day in my movement, writing, painting, reading, and music.
</b>
